chore: update read me and launch.json (#2110)
rudderlabs/rudder-transformer: README.md

1. Clone this repository

> 2. Run `npm run setup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Setup the repository with `npm run setup`
```

> 3. Build by running `npm run build:clean`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Build the service with `npm run build:clean`
```

1. Clone this repository
2. Run `npm run setup`
3. Build by running `npm run build:clean`

> 4. Start the server with `ENABLE_FUNCTIONS=false npm start`

Reviewer: Same as above.
